docs(ref-arch): Containers reference architecture overview (#8076)
camunda/camunda-docs: docs/self-managed/reference-architecture/containers.md

---
id: containers
title: "Container deployment overview"
sidebar_label: "Containers"
description: "Overview of the Camunda 8 container deployment reference architecture."
---

> This reference architecture describes how to deploy the [Camunda 8 Orchestration Cluster](./reference-architecture.md#orchestration-cluster-vs-web-modeler-and-console) to Amazon ECS with Fargate and Aurora PostgreSQL. This deployment method is ideal for users who want a portable, consistent runtime and the benefits of containerization without managing Kubernetes.

Reviewer: This sentence is still ECS related, here's a suggestion

```suggestion
Container-based deployments allow you to run the [Camunda 8 Orchestration Cluster](./reference-architecture.md#orchestration-cluster-vs-web-modeler-and-console) in a portable, consistent runtime with the benefits of containerization, without managing Kubernetes.

The following container deployment option is currently available:

- **[Amazon ECS with Fargate](/self-managed/deployment/containers/cloud-providers/amazon/aws-ecs.md)**: Deploy to Amazon ECS with Fargate and Aurora PostgreSQL.

```
